Changing "Trace and/or Information" verbiage to include "Debug" (#29812)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/logging/index.md

Call the appropriate `Log{LOG LEVEL}` method to control how much log output is written to a particular storage medium. For example:

* In production:

>   * Logging at the `Trace` through `Information` levels produces a high-volume of detailed log messages. To control costs and not exceed data storage limits, log `Trace` through `Information` level messages to a high-volume, low-cost data store. Consider limiting `Trace` through `Information` to specific categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Logging at the `Trace`, `Debug`, or `Information` levels produces a high-volume of detailed log messages. To control costs and not exceed data storage limits, log `Trace`, `Debug`, or `Information` level messages to a high-volume, low-cost data store. Consider limiting `Trace`, `Debug`, or `Information` to specific categories.
```

  * Logging at `Warning` through `Critical` levels should produce few log messages.
    * Costs and storage limits usually aren't a concern.
    * Few logs allow more flexibility in data store choices.
* In development:
  * Set to `Warning`.

>   * Add `Trace` through `Information` messages when troubleshooting. To limit output, set `Trace` through `Information` only for the categories under investigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add `Trace`, `Debug`, or `Information` messages when troubleshooting. To limit output, set `Trace`, `Debug`, or `Information` only for the categories under investigation.
```
